Update.md: Add step to upgrade to latest release before running DB Assembler tool (#523)
azerothcore/wiki: docs/Update.md

# How to update AzerothCore to the latest stable version

## 1) Verify that you're on the latest release

> The latest release is currently 3.0.0. If you haven't upgraded to version 3.0.0, follow [this guide](Upgrade-from-pre-3.0.0-to-latest-master.md) to update. **The next steps will not work properly unless you are on the latest release.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Type `.server debug` in your console
  1. If it outputs `Using World DB: ACDB 335.4-dev` then you can proceed to [Update your local source](#update-your-local-source)
  1. If it outputs anything else for `Using World DB:` then you first need to follow [this guide on updating to latest master](upgrade-from-pre-3.0.0-to-latest-master.md)
```

> Check the [releases](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/releases) page on the azerothcore-wotlk github page to see if there has been a new release since you last upgraded. If there has been a new release, follow the upgrade instructions to update to the latest release. **The next steps will not work properly unless you are on the latest release.**

Reviewer: Nobody should look at releases as people will just download it. it is bad.

just link to this instead https://github.com/azerothcore/wiki/blob/master/docs/Upgrade-from-pre-3.0.0-to-latest-master.md

Author: I'll put that in, but what's our plan for the next time we release? I'm concerned that when we release 4.0.0, we'll forget to update this 'Update.md' page with a link to the 'Upgrade from pre-4.0.0 to latest master'

Reviewer: Shin dont forget that, also that will be in a year or so

## 2) Update your local sources

Move to your AzerothCore sources directory.

- If you have your own fork of AzerothCore, you need to [sync it](Syncing-your-fork).

- Otherwise, if you cloned AzerothCore directly from the main repo, you have to `git pull` to update it.

## 3) Recompile

Compile again your sources, this step is the same as the [Compilation step during Installation](Installation#3-compiling), but generally you can skip the CMake part unless you're adding new modules.

For example, in Linux/Mac you just have to `cd build;` and run `make -j 8; make install`. Of course you can change the value of the `-j` paramether according to your CPU.

## 4) Update the Database

**If you are updating your production environment, BACKUP your databases BEFORE updating them!**

You need to import the **new** sql update files (located at https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/tree/master/data/sql/updates) to each database.

To automate this process you can use the db-assembler bash script `bash apps/db_assembler/db_assembler.sh`.

> If this is the first time you are using it [READ THIS FIRST](https://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/database-installation) and properly configure your `conf/config.sh` file.

Reviewer: only do (database-installation)

# How to update AzerothCore to the latest stable version

## Verify that you're on the latest release

1. Type `.server debug` in your console.
  

>     1. If it outputs `Using World DB: ACDB 335.4-dev` then you can proceed to [Update your local source](#update-your-local-source).

Author: Maybe this PR isn't the right place for this, but I've run all the upgrade scripts and my version still says 335.3, The only spot I see a SQL statement to set the version is the initial insert statement in data/sql/base/db_world/version.sql, which I don't think is run during upgrades

Reviewer: I usually drop my entire db when I update so I can't say :shrug:

Author: How do you keep your player's data intact?

Reviewer: I only use it for Dev, but worldserver is disposable so I only drop that as it's rhe only one I usually edit to fix stuff. And then let the assambler update the char/auth dbs the few times they are updated.

Author: Does `world` just not store any state? Like I could drop that and recreate it whenever I want, even as say... An owner of a 100+ player server?

Reviewer: World is designed to be disposable, only auth and char dbs hold player data
